Branch : 
    Imagine this scenario where your code runs well and good(main or master), but you have thought to improve it further,
but you are worrying about that may create a problem in the existing performance of the code, so you feel, you dont 
want to change the existing code instead you can create a branch repo for the existing repo and there you can able to made your
further changes for your code, which will dont affect the original good code.
    After a while, you have found that the branch code is working well then you can able to merge it with the
previuos existing code by sending a pull request.

In some professional words:
    A branch  is to isolate development work without affecting other branches in the repository.
    Each repository has its own one default branch, and can have multiple other branches. You can merge a branch into another branch using 
a pull request.

Benefits of branches:
    1)Develop features
    2)Fix bugs
    3)Safely experiment with new ideas
    
Start branching:
    In the repo page where it contains all the files , you can able to find a dropdown menu with a name main,
which represents the actual main or master branch of the repository.
    There we can type the testbranchdemo and  create a test branch for demo
    
    
TestBranchDemo
  










This line was added from the test branch demo 
I am going to merge this to the main branch.
Merging by sending a pull request to 







Note : 
Confusing terminology - pull request
actually we want to approach this terminology in terms of main branch's view, from main branch, it pulls the testbranchdemo
to it. So, we dont think in the way, that we are pushing it from the testdemobranch to the main branch
The main branch is pulling the testbranchdemo.

Approach in the master branch's point of view, not in the test branch's point of for the pull request.

To verify this,
Goto insights->network there you can see how it is merged.

After merging the testbranchdemo to the main branch , we can delete the testbranchdemo if dont need that no more.
